---
layout: post
title:  "Amazon and ULINE tour with AITP"
author: Casey
categories: [events, opportunities]
image: assets/images/uline.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true
---
With the help of AITP, NIU College of Business students have been invited to Amazon's Fulfillment Center and Uline's Office in Kenosha, Wisconsin on November 1st! Sign up for this <b>experiential learning</b> passport opportunity with the link below.

Uline is a family-owned leading distributor of shipping, industrial, and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. Uline has 6,000 employees all across North America. Uline will be giving us a tour of their office and opportunities to network with their employees.

Amazon is one of the big four technology companies. Amazon is the world's largest e-commerce marketplace, AI assistant provider, and cloud computing platform. Amazon will be giving us an inside look at what happens from the time you click buy to the time your product is shipped.


A bus will depart from the Barsema Hall front circle drive at <b>7:45 a.m.</b> and return around 5 p.m. Lunch will be provided at Uline. An email confirming your attendance will be sent on October 22nd.
Items to note:
- Guests must wear flat, closed-toe and closed-heel shoes (no sandals, clogs or high heels). We recommend wearing comfortable shoes or sneakers. Both tours will be a walking tour. Additionally, long hair must be pulled above the shoulders, and long-hanging jewelry, scarves and ties are not permitted.
- Guests may bring keys, wallets and cellphones on the tour. Please leave all other personal items at home or in the transportation vehicle, including bags, purses, briefcases, backpacks, pocketbooks, and binoculars.
- Amazon is a weapon-free workplace , and we reserve the right to turn away a guest if they are unwilling to tour our fulfillment center without a weapon.
- No cameras or other video equipment are allowed on the tour. Guests may bring cellphones, as long as they <b>do not</b> use their phone to take pictures or audio/video recordings.
- No food or drink is permitted on the tour.
- Please contact me with any special requests or accessibility accommodations.
- All attendees, 18 and older, will need to provide a valid, government issued photo ID upon check in for the tour.
For any questions please contact AITP president Abby Burke via <a href="mailto: z1788294@students.niu.edu">email</a>.
You <b>MUST</b> register to go to this event. Spots are limited to the first 34 students. Sign up at <a href="https://niu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5irn7EST9M9CSEJ">go.niu.edu</a>.

