---
layout: post
title: "PwC Explore Program"
author: Casey
categories: [opportunities, events]
image: assets/images/pwcexplore.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true
---
The PwC Explore program is being hosted in the Chicago office on December 5th from 4:30-7:15pm. Apply today!


### What is Explore?

How much do you know about your strengths and who you are? What do you want to do after college? How does understanding your values and purpose help you identify a potential career?

PwC's Explore program is an experience you don't want to miss! Explore is a one day program focused on helping participants identify and analyze their strengths, values and passions to better understand who they are and what they want to do. Students will learn alongside PwC professionals who will provide real-life examples of how they have enriched their careers by aligning their strengths, values and passions personally and professionally. Participants will leave Explore with a stronger sense of who they are, who PwC is and what future opportunities might exist for them in professional services. For more details, click <a href="https://www.pwc.com/us/en/careers/entry-level/programs-events/explore.html">here</a>.

## Program Information - Chicago Explore

#### Location: 

PwC Chicago - 1 North Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL, 60606

#### Date: 

December 5

#### Time:

 4:30 - 7:15pm

#### Who is eligible?

To be eligible to apply for the Explore program, you must be a freshman, sophomore, or junior (in a five year program) with strong academic standing and currently considering pursuing a Bachelors/Masters degree in business and/or STEM. Preferred majors include: Accounting , Finance, STEM (Data/Business Analytics, Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Actuarial Science, Technology Management, Management Information Systems and Security). Please note that your final graduation date (i.e. 150 credits for Accounting majors) must be December 2021 or later! The application deadline is November 22nd.

Please note that students can only participate in Explore once.

#### How to apply:

Click <a href="https://pwc.recsolu.com/external/events/u_gJBwUuzQEYARPQ4x3vtw">here</a> by Friday November 22 to apply and we will be in touch if you are selected to attend.
