---
layout: post
title:  "Data Analyst Position at Jackson"
author: Casey
categories: [jobs, opportunities]
image: assets/images/JNAM.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true
---
Please see the position below if you are looking for a full time Data Analyst position in Downtown Chicago!

#### Position:
Data Analyst 1

#### Company:
Jackson National Asset Management

#### Website:
<a href="https://www.jackson.com/index.xhtml">link</a>.

#### Quick Facts:
- Chicago loop location
- full time position

#### Qualifications:
- Knowledge of master data management solutions and data architecture a plus.
- Demonstrates a knowledge of financial markets and the ability to interpret and understand complex financial concepts.
- Ability to collaborate and contribute as a team member by understanding individual and team roles; contribute to a positive work environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback.
- Strong attention to detail and analytical skills, ensuring quality and accuracy of work.
Must be detail oriented, organized, able to prioritize work and follow through to meet deadlines.
- Ability to provide guidance to peers.
- Knowledge of industry regulations and solid understanding of complex asset types a plus.
- Experience with Microsoft Office, FIS, Bloomberg, ICE, and Refinitiv a plus.
- Bachelor’s Degree in business related field, preferably Accounting, Finance, Statistics, Data Analytics, Information Management, or related field required.
- 0-3 years related experience.


#### How to Apply:
Apply online <a href="https://jackson.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/Jackson_Careers/job/Chicago-IL/Data-Analyst-I_REQ-00245">here</a>