---
layout: post
title:  "BELIEF Week"
author: Casey
categories: [opportunities, events]
image: assets/images/ethics.png
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true

--- 

BELIEF Week is October 7 through 11, 2019. In addition to bringing numerous business executives to the classroom to convey their ethical lessons directly to NIU business students, this BELIEF Week will be headlined by a speaker series. 

The series kicks off on Monday, October 7 at 5:00 PM in Barsema Hall, room BH 300, with a panel discussion entitled “Ethics Across Industries”, where executives from the Engineering, Financial Services and Corporate Security industries will discuss the most significant ethical issues currently challenging their respective industries, and how those issues may cross over to impact the other industries represented on the panel.

 Panelists are:
- Joseph Sener, Principal/Owner at JPS Consulting, representing the Engineering industry
- Frank Scarpiniti, CFO at Hehmeyer Trading & Investment, representing the Financial Services industry
- Dominick Archer, Longtime Security and Loss Prevention professional

The second event in the series will take place on Tuesday, October 8 at 3:30 PM in Barsema Hall, room BH 300. Jeffrey Yordon, President/COO of Athenex Pharma, will make a presentation entitled “Relationships and Ethics: Keys to Success”. One of the most important elements of Mr. Yordon’s success in business has been his attention to creating relationships, which is a by-product of solid ethics and ethical behavior. Hear about Mr. Yordon’s success in the pharmaceutical industry that he believes is based on ethical behavior and the establishment of lifelong relationships in all facets of the business. Mr. Yordon will present actual examples of these two key factors as he walks through the progression of creating billions of dollars of value for his investors and employees.

Jedediah McClure will close the speaker series in his Keynote Address “The Ethical Organization: Lessons from the Front” at 5:00 PM on Wednesday, October 9 in the Barsema Hall Auditorium. A serial entrepreneur and NIU College of Law graduate, McClure will recount his remarkable personal story, one that has been featured on many media outlets including Dateline NBC and the New York Times. In 2013, a business partner embezzled millions of dollars from one of Jedediah’s companies and killed two partners. At great risk to his own life, Jedediah spent more than a year exposing his former partner and uncovering evidence that would later be used in his arrest and conviction. Having survived two attempted murder plots and enormous financial loss, Jedediah is passionate about preventing fraud and teaching others how to protect themselves.

We hope you can join us in this celebration of our commitment to building ethical leaders at the College of Business!