---
layout: post
title:  "Argonne Internship"
author: Casey
categories: [internships, opportunities]
image: assets/images/argonne.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: false
---
Argonne National Laboratory is looking for a summer intern! Please see the job description below.

### Position Focus:
Business & Information Management

### Host Division:
Leadership Computing Facility (ALCF)

### Time:
Summer (minimum 10 weeks)

## Internship Description:

ALCF computing resources are available to researchers from academia, industry, and government agencies. They support large-scale computing projects aimed at solving some of the world’s most complex and challenging scientific problems.

The Technology Commercialization and Partnerships (TCP) division is involved in strategy and business engagement for sponsored research and intellectual property commercialization. TCP collects and manages information and is responsible for reporting related to sponsored research and intellectual property.

Work with staff in both ALCF and TCP divisions.
Focus is on reviewing data systems and processes in place for tracking business contacts and interaction.
Developing user requirements for an integrated system and process.
May also involve prototyping and testing such a system.
Student 

### Requirements:

- Undergraduate or Graduate level.
- 3.0 on 4.0 scale.
- Interest in building technical collaborations between Argonne and industry.
- Academic disciplines considered:  computer science, business focus, business informatics or business information systems degree programs. Interest in business information systems/management is helpful.
- Familiarity with web-based document management systems and database systems.
- Ability to work with graphical and command-line based software tools.
- Skills in collecting user requirements and documenting user needs; proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

### How to Apply:
More information <a href="https://www.anl.gov/education/professional-career-internship-position-list">online</a>.