---
layout: post
title:  "OMIS Students - Take OMIS 480!"
author: Casey
categories: [news, students]
image: assets/images/480.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: false
---
Looking for one more class to fill your fall schedule? Enroll in OMIS 480 - Advanced Supply Chain Management! 

#### OMIS 480 – Advanced Supply Chain Management

The focus of the class this semester will be warehouse and distribution center management. Growth in the global supply chain has been exponential. The gains in warehousing and delivery come as rapid e-commerce growth pushes companies to open more fulfillment centers near major population centers to speed up delivery to customers. U.S. online sales jumped 14.2% in 2018, generating an estimated $513.6 billion, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. (Wall Street Journal) Consider the great career opportunities at the distribution centers for Target, Walmart, and Lowe’s, for example.

OMIS 480 focuses on developing data analysis skills necessary to make data-driven operational decisions to provide the opportunity to apply OM and IS concepts to a real-world problem.
- Apply operations management and information systems concepts to improve a real-world business process.
- Use a simulation tool to design and manage your own distribution center.
- Understand how operations management and information systems concepts can work together to improve real-world business processes.
- Perform data analyses required to support a project using Microsoft Access, Excel and SQL Server.
- Use appropriate techniques to communicate project progress, analysis results and recommended solutions.

It’s time to add this essential skill to your tool kit. Sign up now for OMIS 480 for Fall 2020.