---
layout: post
title:  "Eby Brown Opportunity"
author: Casey
categories: [jobs, opportunities]
image: assets/images/eby_brown.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: true
---
 
Eby-Brown Company, one of the largest suppliers in the convenience distribution industry, is seeking strong candidates for a Business Analyst at its corporate office located in Naperville, IL.


### Position:
Business Analyst

### Company:
Eby-Brown

### Website:
<a href="http://www.eby-brown.com/">Eby-Brown Website</a>

### Summary:
The Business Analyst operates as part of a team that provides strategic analysis and recommendations on pricing and sales strategy. The Analyst will be responsible for identifying and implementing sales growth and profit improving initiatives, leverage existing data to provide a better understanding of Eby-Brown’s markets and current value proposition. The successful candidate is an individual who can collaborate to solve problems and execute on tasks, projects and initiatives assigned.

### Responsibilities:
- Analyze business drivers such as pricing trends in the competitive environment and translate them into suggested actions and applicable projects
- Complete weekly pricing increase process
- Assist in business review process. Pull monthly sales of key customers vs. market and analyze differences. Build PowerPoint presentation to review with Key Account Managers.
- Coordinate with Sales Leadership and Pricing Team to build pricing models
- Support solution design, roll out, and documentation, focusing on business processes and workflows
- Recognize and adopt best practices in reporting and analysis: data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation
- Provide project progress reports to project team, stakeholders, and management
- Use data modeling and other analytical techniques to develop predictive models to drive growth and profitability
 

### Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree (B. A.) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Mathematics or Statistics major preferred.
- Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. 
- Ability to comprehend and apply principles of advanced calculus, modern algebra, and advanced statistical theory.
- Ability to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations, and proofs of theorems.
- Ability to define problems, collects data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. 
- Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.
- Advanced Excel and ability to program Macro
- SAP Software experience preferred
- Familiarity with Python. Packages: Pandas and Numpy
- Familiarity with Basic Machine Learning Algorithms with willingness to learn

We offer an excellent compensation package which includes: competitive salary including additional performance based compensation, Health/Life/Dental/Vision, 401(k)

Our family of employees have been delivering solutions daily for more than 125 years. As a leading wholesale distributor to the convenience industry, we partner with you providing dedicated resources that become a part of your team. Together, this partnership allows us to focus on solutions that grow your business.

### How to Apply:

Apply <a href="https://career8.successfactors.com/sfcareer/jobreqcareer?jobId=5929&company=S001871323P&username">online</a>.

