---
layout: post
title:  "MIS Students - Take OMIS 653 This Fall!"
author: Casey
categories: [students, opportunities]
image: assets/images/sap.jpg
comments: false
featured: false
hidden: false
---

MIS Students! Looking for another class to fill your fall 2020 schedule? consider OMIS 653, ERP System Configuration with SAP!

#### Why take OMIS 653- ERP System Configuration with SAP:   

SAP is the most extensively used ERP systems nowadays. It is an exciting field that offers many challenging jobs and demands experienced and advanced skills professionals. The candidates with SAP skills are in huge demand and cannot be found easily. Due to the shortage of qualified and experienced SAP experts, the SAP ERP Education at NIU provides our students with a benefit of high pay and excellent career growth as compared to other IT professional’s jobs. Many of our most recent NIU MIS graduates have successfully landed SAP ERP related full time job offers in companies such as SAP America, BearingPoint USA, Vistex, DB Schenker, Encore Capital Group, Citi Bank, ULTA Beauty etc. within the Chicago area.  

In OMIIS 653, SAP/ERP configuration training will provide you with a new skill set that is in demand. It will enhance your credentials, open many doors of opportunities worldwide, as well as provide you with a financially secure and long-lasting career. In OMIS 653, we analyze, design and implement automated solutions for the organization. Students spend most of their time working on the SAP system, analyzing, designing and implementing business processes. Whether you plan to work for an Automobile or a Chemicals company, Defense, Government Agency, or a consulting and software development company you get a close-up look at how an organization operates and what takes to be a successful ERP consultant.

According to most recent articles, and employment agencies, jobs in SAP/ERP field are high in demand. Most organizations with SAP as their business processing system, more likely to offer jobs to graduates with SAP knowledge, as well as to a SAP functional and technical novice and expert. The compensation for SAP professionals are ranked among the highest, with opportunities for job growth prospects, salary, quality of life and other benefits. A career in SAP ERP is not just intellectually enriching but also professionally and financially rewarding.

If you have found this message useful and informative, I encourage you to register the OMIS 653 class in Fall 2020 semester and share it with others so that it benefits a greater number of aspirants wishing to enter the amazing world of SAP ERP. Thank you!


Yipeng Liu, Ph.D. 

Associate Professor & Assistant Chair 

Dean’s Outstanding Junior Professor 

College of Business 

Northern Illinois University

Barsema Hall 328B
